Never attribute conditions to villainy that simply result from stupidity -- Robert A. Heinlein
Be liberal in the input you accept, and conservative in what you output -- Jon Postel
If there are two ways to do something, and one can result in catasprophe, then someone will do it -- Murphy
There is *always* one more bug -- Lubarsky
Data expands to fill the space available for storage -- Parkinson
A good coder is someone who looks both ways before crossing a one-way street -- Doug Linder
If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of adding them -- Edsger Dijkstra
I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use. -- Galileo Galilei
The difference between involvement and commitment is like an eggs-and-ham breakfast: the chicken was involved - the pig was committed
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass; it's about learning to dance in the rain. -- Vivian Greene
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans. -- Allen Saunders
Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth. -- Sherlock Holmes
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says "I'm possible!" -- Audrey Hepburn
The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds, and the pessimist fears this is true. -- James Branch Cabell
A person that values privileges above principles soon loses both. -- Dwight Eisenhower
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will  forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel. -- Maya Angelou
The opposite of a correct statement is a false statement. The opposite of a profound truth may well be another profound truth. -- Niels Bohr
When I am working on a problem I never think about beauty. I only think about how to solve the problem. But when I have finished, if the solution is not beautiful, I know it is wrong. -- Buckminister Fuller
If we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, would it? -- Albert Einstein
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. -- Thomas A. Edison
The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them. -- Mark Twain
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it. -- Aristotle
The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity. -- Ellen Parr
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away. -- Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift to us, which is why we call it the present.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect. -- Mark Twain
It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them
It's the friends you can call up at 4 a.m. that matter. -- Marlene Dietrich
Never memorize something that you can look up -- Albert Einstein
When you're in jail, a good friend will be trying to bail you out. A best friend will be in the cell next to you saying, 'Damn, that was fun'.
I would rather walk with a friend in the dark, than alone in the light. -- Helen Keller
Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend. -- Albert Camus
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage. -- Lao Tzu
I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world. -- Albert Einstein
Everybody is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid. -- Albert Einstein
I had a thought, but it got lonely and went away.
Money talks and mine says "Good-bye".
Honesty is the best policy, but insanity is a better defense.
I do not suffer from insanity, I enjoy every minute of it.
Why is it considered necessary to nail down the lid of a coffin?
Do something right, no-one remembers. Do Something wrong, no-one forgets.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. -- Confucius
If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself. -- Albert Einstein
A bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song.
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom. -- Aristotle
Never confuse movement with action. -- Ernest Hemingway
All things truly wicked start from innocence. -- Ernest Hemingway
When choosing between two evils, I always like to try the one I've never tried before. -- Mae West
Your budget will have tragic elements too, just like the story. -- MegaTokyo
